1. Father's Name*
Azhagar V
2. Father's Occupation*
Mason
3. Mention the year of experience your father holds and his salary per month?*
30year - 10000 p/m
4. Mother's Name*
Sivagami A
5. Mother's Occupation. If home maker was it her choice?*
Daily wage
6. Mention the year of experience your Mother holds and her salary per month?*
10 yr - 5000
7. Do you have siblings? If yes how many and what are they doing?*
I have two siblings elder brother and younger sister,brother he complted BCA and decided to persue MCA and my sister completed 12 th going to persue B.E.Electrical and Electronics.
8. Mention your siblings work experience and where do they work and salary details per month?*
NA
9. What is your Education Qualification and its specific Department?*
Bacheolar of Engineering ,Computer Science Department.
10. Do you have broadband connectivity? If yes, what connectivity do you have?*
Yes, LAN(Local area network).
11. Did you go through AVASOFT'S Website? what do you know about AVASOFT?*
Avasoft is a nextgen product company and the aim of avasoft is to accelerate digital transformation of enterprise,and its head quarters is situated at bluebell,Pennsylvania,USA,the nearest branch for me is Navalur, Chennai. technologies are cloud,DevOps and projects are tenant to tenant  and Lotus note.
12. What are your thoughts on work life balance?*
Complete assigned work on time provide my best and after maintain my chores after that.
13. What do you think is day to day work in a software company?*
According to my Knowlege,communicate with Client and if iam in developement team developing software according to my knowlege.
14. What are your short term and long term goals?*
Get a job in growth-oriented company like yours and long-term goal is to achieve a good position in my career.
15. What is your plan to do with your first salary?*
As a fresher , I has no expectation about salary ,I am looking for oppurtunity to upgrade myself.
16. What is your current location and native location?*
villupuram district native ,current location kanchipuram.
17. Have you ever questioned any authority? What Happened?*
Yes I have questioned my hostel warden,Iam current staying in hostel and in my hostel mobile phones and laptops are not allowed from evening 6 PM to morning 6AM but as a technical student I have trouble in upgrading myself .Then after questioning she gave permission for me to use those resource to develope my knowledge but without properly understand the suituation i will not raise question.
18. How will you deal with feedbacks and criticisms?*
iIll make sure whether any problem with me then ill make a change.As a continuous learner I cant be perfect at all the time ther might be the chance for making mistakes at that time I'll take actions to correct them.
19. What is the toughest decision you ever have to make?*
My toughest decision was to decide to stay at home while graduating or staying at the hostel,I compared what are the opportunities I'll have if I have been at home and college, comparatively staying at college seems to be more advantageous so I decided to stay at College hostel.
20. What do you consider as attitude?*
in my consideration, Attitude is the one which is unique for everyone, and i think one's attitude must be respectful towards others.
21. Do you have any work experience Part time/Full time?*
No, I do not have any experience but I had undergone a one-month virtual internship at Oasis OInfobyte where 3 tasks were assigned to me I had completed those task on time.
22. Will you relocate to our nearest surrounding in case if you travel from a farther distance?*
Yes,surely I can relocate.

